# winscpii-u
A simple Winscp script to batch upload gamefiles to a Wii U over FTPii U.
Optimized for use with [MasonJ's FTP Mod File Sorter](https://gamebanana.com/tools/6718)
##Why use WinSCP over FileZilla with FTPii U?
FTPii U is an excellent tool for modifying game files on your Wii U system, effectively making mods permanent and eliminating the need to use Homebrew software such as [SDCafiine](https://github.com/Maschell/SDCafiine) to load mods. This is recommended for games like Breath of the Wild, which is known to unload SDCafiine during each Blood Moon.
Using FileZilla as your FTP client for this task can present some challenges. FTPii U's upload speed from the Wii U is quite slow, meaning directory listings can take an exceptional amount of time to upload to your computer. In larger Wii U games such as Breath of the Wild, these directory listings can take up to half a minute to load. FileZilla forces a refresh of the directory listing after each upload, meaning that when uploading files in larger directories, you'll be waiting this half-minute period in between each subsequent file upload. This cannot be disabled in FileZilla (as far as I know anyway), hence the need for an FTP Client such as WinSCP.
This script automates the process of uploading game files to your Wii U over FTPii U, while additionally removing this directory refresh, resulting in significantly faster batch uploads with significantly less user intervention. It is initialized for use with Breath of the Wild, but can be easily modified for use with any game.
##Requirements
[WinSCP](https://winscp.net/eng/downloads.php) (Note: The .NET assembly / COM library is not required for this script)
[FTPii U](https://github.com/dimok789/ftpiiu/releases/tag/v0.4)
[FTPii U Everywhere](https://github.com/wiiu-controller-mods/ftpiiu-everywhere/releases) (Note: The FTPii U Everywhere .ELF file simply replaces the FTPii U .ELF file)
##Usage
1. Collect your modded game files. These can be directly downloaded from a mod page or exported using [BCML's](https://gamebanana.com/tools/6624) export feature.
2. Organize your files into the proper folders. In the case of Breath of the Wild, this can be done automatically through the use of [MasonJ's FTP Mod File Sorter](https://gamebanana.com/tools/6718). Otherwise you'll need to [sort the mod files yourself](##sorting-your-mod-files).
3. Edit script.txt for your needs. Instructions are included within the file explaining what must be set.
4. Run FTPii U on your Wii U.
5. Run the .bat (Note: you can ignore this file completely and run through the command line yourself with the command "winscp.com /ini=nul /script=script.txt")
6. Watch numbers go up for a while. And take care of yourself, ok? Drink some water if you havn't in a while.
##Sorting your mod files
Your mod files should be placed in up to three folders:
- "Update Data" - this folder contains any file that appears in your game's update files.
- "Base Game" - this folder contains any file that appears in the game's base game files, but *not* it's update files. This is because files in the Wii U's update folders (0005000e) override the same file in the Wii U's base game files (00050000).
- "Custom Files (put into update folder)" - this folder contains any files that appear in neither the base game nor update files. Yes, I'm aware that this folder name is very very long. This is because this is the folder name that is automatically generated by [MasonJ's FTP Mod File Sorter](https://gamebanana.com/tools/6718). You can optionally put these files in your "Update Data" folder for the same results.
Note: All folders in the game directory are supported in addition to the content folder, including the meta folder. Thus you're able to change elements such as the game's home screen icon. Remember to place these files in the game's update directory if it has one, as this will override the same files in the base game directory.
